Update get-file-statistics.md (#5971)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/get-file-statistics.md

## Limitations

1. Rate limitations for this API are 100 calls per minute and 1500 calls per hour.

> 2. Maximum Value for Lookbackhours is 720 Hours(30days).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Maximum value for Lookback hours is 720 hours(30 days).
```

Author: lookBackHours is the exact match of the query. So this change is not needed.

Reviewer: @msbemba, thank you for clarifying.
